The faculty of nursing was born in 1915
in the new civil hospital in Monterrey
léon today university hospital doctor
josé eleuterio gonzález and it is until 1958
when the first building in
the university campus of science
health, the educational offer consists of
professional associate in podiatry and
nursing degree modality
mixed groups recognized at level 1 by
yeses and the bachelor's degree in nursing
school modality accredited by the
Mexican council of accreditation of
nursing coma is done and by duty
american science and technology
education consortium club program
generating the show is undergoing dictation
american law jones offers a program of
Master of Science in Nursing
recognized for its quality in the PNP of
conacyt and a doctorate program in
Nursing science also recognized
by conacyt the enrollment of students in
professional associate in podiatry this
65 in the nursing degree
amounts to 2 thousand 100 postgraduate students
its innovative facilities count
with four buildings of three levels 23
classrooms equipped and air-conditioned
simulation podiatry laboratories
for advanced nursing practice
of clinical analysis for research
of mobility and exercise areas
videoconferences rooms
self-learning of the English language a
library auditoriums rooms of uses
multiple and a podiatric clinic and
nursing and medical care
the nutrition faculty has
145 teachers 42 of them from time
complete of which 37 have the
profile prompts the ten researchers
subscribed to the national system of
researchers
his three academic bodies as his
research centers boost the
lines of generation and application of
theoretical and practical knowledge in areas
related to health sciences and
humanities the faculty of nursing
confirms its commitment through
close relationship and participation between
health professionals and
people, families and groups where
In addition to updating their
in continuing education programs that
inculcate the university values and the
discipline also fosters the culture of
care for health, social welfare and
Respect for life